feat: upgrade kroma version (#6)
kroma-network/kroma-up: README.md

# Kroma up

Kroma team thinks it's really important for people to run their own Kroma nodes.

> So we provide a repository where you can get a Kroma node up and running with a simple command called kroma-up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we provide this repository where you can get a Kroma node and run it with a simple command.
```

###  What can you do?

Kroma up allows users to join the network by running a full node or validator.

> In addition, we can operate the validator in two modes, output submitter and challenger, for smooth chain ecosystem operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we can operate the validator in two modes, **output submitter** and **challenger**, for smooth chain ecosystem operation.
```

# Kroma up

Kroma team thinks it's really important for people to run their own Kroma nodes.

So we provide a repository where you can get a Kroma node up and running with a simple command called kroma-up.

###  What can you do?

Kroma up allows users to join the network by running a full node or validator.

In addition, we can operate the validator in two modes, output submitter and challenger, for smooth chain ecosystem operation.

> > A guide to running challenger mode will be available soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A guide to run in challenger mode will be available soon.
```

* Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)

## Recommended Hardware

> Indicates the basic hardware resources required to operate a Kroma nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the basic hardware resources required to operate a Kroma node.
```

vim .env
```

## Step 4. Start Fullnode
The command to run a *full node* is as follows (It is recommended to run it through the following command.)

```
docker compose --profile fullnode up -d
```

## Step 5. Start Validator
Validators work in **output submitter mode** by default.

> Turning on *output submitter mode* is meaningful in that it contributes to decentralizing output submissions for security-related withdrawals on the chain, and you will be rewarded for submitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning on *output submitter mode* is meaningful in that it contributes to decentralize output submissions for security-related withdrawals on the chain, and you will be rewarded for submitting.
```

vim .env
```

## Step 4. Start Fullnode
The command to run a *full node* is as follows (It is recommended to run it through the following command.)

```
docker compose --profile fullnode up -d
```

## Step 5. Start Validator
As mentioned above, the validator can run in two modes **output submitter** and **challenger**.

> The steps above show you how to run it in each mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps below show you how to run it in each mode.
```

## 5-1. Run a Output submitter mode

> Turning on **output submitter mode** is meaningful in that it contributes to decentralizing output submissions for security-related withdrawals on the chain, and you will be rewarded for submitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning on **output submitter mode** is meaningful in that it contributes to decentralize output submissions for security-related withdrawals on the chain, and you will be rewarded for submitting.
```
